What are you guys doing?
I'm not your Mayor Wu
Mayor Wu, if you are not our teacher
Then we can only disband in place
You're right.
Mayor Wu is at this time
Don't push to death
Okay, since everyone is kind
Then I will serve as a teacher for the time being
Xiaohe fan
Officers who are willing to stay will be sent each month
200 oceans
Don't want to stay?
We have to pay
Who stopped the money and still wants to leave?
After I got sick, he
So I went with nothing.
I can't even win
You're right, whoever dares to go
I can't let him go
Long live the long life
Long live
Brothers
Now that I am in this world
You have to avenge the brother of death
You have to find a future for your brothers
So I have a couple of things to announce today.
Division Commander Zhang Deshuo's troops have launched an attack
What division just died
This bastard is restless again
Teacher, let me go alone
Come to my teacher
I want to avenge Master Huang
Wait, the enemy is fierce
Don't be arrogant
Forgive the order
Give them a firefight
Gave me a hard time to rebel against your weapons
I have no other secrets to war
Only eight words are fully resourced
Plenty of firepower yes